Frequently asked questions

PLACING ORDERS
How do I order on luluhypermarket.com? Ordering is easy the basic steps are outlined below: For further assistance you can contact customer service @ 600 54 00 48 or by email customercare@luluhypermarket.com

For KSA customers, please contact @8001000330 or email to ksa@luluhypermarket.com

- Browse the site for the product you require
- Add the product to the cart
- Proceed to the checkout
- Follow the directions on payment v
- Await conformation once payment has been done.
IS THERE A LIMIT ON QUANTITY OF ORDERS OR QUANTITY OF PRODUCTS IN ONE ORDER ?
In the interests of all our customers, we may place restrictions on bulk buying of some products. Luluhypermarket.com reserves the right at our sole discretion, to limit the quantity per person, per household or per order. The said limitations may be applicable to orders placed by the same account, the same credit card and also to orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. Luluhypermarket.com will provide notification to the customer should such limits be applied.

How do I know if my order has been successful?
Once your order has been accepted you will receive an Email confirmation from luluhypermarket.com showing the details of the order you have just placed.

Once I have ordered from luluhypermarket.com what documents will be required for receiving of the delivery ?
Delivery will be made to the address specified when you complete the order, At point of delivery, identity verification of the Consignee by sighting either an original labour card, passport, driving license, emirates ID Free zone ID to support consignee verification, will be required by our courier partners.

Can I cancel my order ?
You can cancel the order up to the point of shipping without any charges being applied, unfortunately once the product is shipped as per the cancelation terms in the T&Cs charges may apply. For assistance in this matter please contact the customer service team who will be happy to assist in this matter.

Multiple product orders :
If you have ordered multiple products on one order we will try to ensure they are all delivered together however this also depends on the type of products ordered, some products are large and delivered directly from the supplier, in these cases we will not be able to have them delivered together.

CONTACT
How do I contact?

For further assistance you can contact customer service

Country	Phone	WhatsApp	Email ID
UAE	+971600540048	+9718005858	customercare@luluhypermarket.com
BAHRAIN	+97317558320	+97365005858	customercare@luluhypermarket.com
QATAR	+97440191666	+97433605858	customercare@luluhypermarket.com
OMAN	+96880088488	+96822034034	customercare@luluhypermarket.com
KUWAIT	+96522052622	+96560405858	customercare@luluhypermarket.com
KSA	+9668001000330	+9668001000330	ksa@luluhypermarket.com
SECURITY
Is it safe to use my Credit/Debit card with luluhypermarket.com ?

When ordering from the luluhypermarket.com site we accept orders only from web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology- International standard for internet browsing security.

3D Secure payment gateway : luluhypermarket.com operates on a 3D secure payment gateway, this is a service gateway designed to enhance security in payments for online transactions.

Will my details be shared with 3rd parties of luluhypermarket.com ?

We respect the privacy of our valued customers and do not share any customer details with any third parties.

PAYMENTS
How can I pay with luluhypermarket.com ?

Payments options are through credit and debits cards, luluhypermarket.com does not accept Cash on delivery as a payment method.

Will I receive a receipt for my purchase ?

Yes, once the order has been accepted you will receive an email confirmation of your order with full details, you will also receive a physical copy with your product.

Does luluhypermarket.com store any credit/debit card details ?

No credit and debit card details are not stored by luluhypermarket.com

Problems at the payment page : If for any reason you encounter problems at the payment page we suggest that you contact customer services for assistance.

DELIVERY
Where does luluhypermarket.com deliver to ?

luluhypermarket.com delivers across the UAE, however some remote areas are restricted.

What types of delivery does luluhypermarket.com have ?

luluhypermarket.com offers 2 types of delivery at present, courier delivery through our partner aramex (UAE) and also supplier delivery for larger household products.

How much does the delivery cost ?

Delivery charges are dependent on your location and is shown in your cart for your convenience.

Is it possible to schedule a specific delivery time ?

Generally we deliver within 48 working hours, the courier partner will contact you to arrange a suitable time.

International shipping, is it available ?

luluhypermarket.com does not provide international shipping service.

RETURNS/CANCELLATIONS AND WARRANTY
If I wish to return a product who do I contact ?

Customer services are available to assist in any query you may have, they are available 6 days a week (Friday Closed) @ @ 600 54 00 48or by email customercare@luluhypermarket.com
For KSA, customer services are available to assist in any query you may have, they are available 6 days a week (Friday Closed) @8001000330 or by email ksa@luluhypermarket.com

If I wish to cancel / return my products what do I do ?

In these cases please refer to the returns policy section for further information, you can also contact customer services for further assistance.

What is the timescale available if I wish to return my order ?

luluhypermarket.com has a 7 day returns policy (Terms & Conditions apply) please refer to the returns policy section for further details or contact customer services for assistance.

How long is the warranty ?

All products from luluhypermarket.com carry warranty, this is visible on the physical invoice delivered with the product, please make sure you keep the invoice as it will be required for proof of purchase in cases of service etc.