Only items that fit the following criteria will be approved as returnable:

Mobile devices and Electronics
The item must be sent back in its original condition, sealed, and unopened.
Unless there is a manufacturing flaw, we will deny the refund and send the item back to you if the product has been used, the original box has been opened, or the seal has been broken.
If there is a manufacturing problem and the product is not functioning, the original box, instruction manual, and all other accessories must also be returned.
Health and Beauty
Hair and personal care items, vitamins, dietary supplements, and products for sports nutrition cannot be returned.
Opened or used beauty (cosmetics, skin care, etc.), scent, and health goods will not be accepted.
Fashion
Underwear, lingerie, swimsuits, bras, socks, and tights are examples of clothing that cannot be returned.
Clothing items can only be returned in their original packaging, unused, unworn, unwashed, undamaged, and with all of the tags and labels still attached.
All footwear, eyewear, watches, bags, and luggage must be returned with all tags still attached to the original packaging.
Home & Kitchen
Items such as furniture, major home appliances, and home décor can only be returned if they have not been used, are undamaged, and are still in their original packing.
Products for bedding must be returned unwrapped.
Unless they are defective, products that have been used, modified, assembled, or installed will not be accepted.
Outdoors & Sports
Only products that have not been used and are still in their original packaging are acceptable for returns.
Dress-up outfits are not returnable in toys and games.
Used, activated, or missing component toys and games will not be accepted for return.
Baby Products
Items for personal hygiene, feeding and training aids, diapers and accessories, bathroom goods, and medical treatment items are not eligible for returns.
To be eligible for a refund, baby products must be sent back in their original packaging, sealed, and unopened.
Grocery
All items in the grocery store can be returned as per the return policy

Automotive 
If the product has been used, the original box has been opened, or the original seal has been removed, we will decline the refund and send the product back to you unless there is a manufacturing defect. 
If the product is not functioning because of a manufacturing defect, the original box, instruction manual, and all other accessories must also be returned.
Home Improvement & Tools
The product must be sent back in its original state with all of the original box and materials (manuals, accessories, etc.)
Items that have been used or damaged cannot be returned.
Books 
Returnable books must be unused, undamaged, and in their original packaging in order to be accepted.
Pet supplies
Products that are returnable must be returned in the same state that it was received in by the consumer.
It must be unused, and in their original packaging. 
You cannot return perishable items, including food treats and supplements.
Office products and supplies
The product must be sent back in its original state with all of the original box and materials (manuals, accessories, etc.)
Anything that has been used or damaged will not be accepted for returns.

If the product does not match the requirements for customer returns, third party sellers or re-sellers shall have the right to refuse or reject the customer's return request. To speed up the return procedure, the customer might be asked for photographs of the goods that has been returned initiated or that has been damaged.

If the returned item does not adhere to any of the seller's policies or conditions, the seller reserves the right to return the item to the buyer after accepting and receiving the return request. If the merchandise cannot be returned, the client will not be eligible for any refunds.

We will make three (3) attempts to deliver the product back to the consumer if a product is denied for a return at any point. The item will be sent for liquidation if all three delivery efforts are unsuccessful, and the customer won't be allowed to ask for the delivery of the merchandise again.

RETURN PERIOD - WITHIN 7 DAYS OF RECEIVING THE ITEM(S): 
You have up to seven (7) days from the time you get an item to return it as long as it is undamaged and in the same condition as when you received it.

We are aware that it is possible to change your mind after making an online purchase if you have not yet received the product. In this case, you may still be able to cancel your order.

The money would be repaid if you had paid electronically (with a credit card, debit card, or other payment card), although it would take some time for the refund to appear on your card account due to different card issuers. However, you can select the LuLu wallet as a refund option and receive the full refund amount to the LuLu wallet connected to your registered LuLu account if you need an immediate refund.

You can reach the customer service team at any time by dialling 600 54 00 48 or via the Contact Us page for a return of an item or refunds.

The item will be examined to see how it was packaged, and if it is still in sellable condition, your money will be reimbursed.