Terms and Condition
These Terms and Conditions govern your use of the luluhypermarket.com website (the “luluhypermarket.com site”), the LuLu stores (Hypermarket, Fresh Supermarket, and Express), the terms of any purchases that you make via LuLu stores and luluhypermarket.com site, and your relationship with LuLu Hypermarket (“LuLu”, “luluhypermarket.com”, “we” or “us”). The expression “you/ your” includes customers using the luluhypermarket.com site (the “Customers”) and the independent sellers associated in doing Services with Lulu (the “Sellers”). References in these Terms and Conditions to “you” (or similar) are references to you as an individual or legal entity as the case may be.

Please read them carefully as they affect your rights and liabilities under the law. By using the site and/or registering on the site, you agree to these Terms and Conditions and to our Privacy and Cookies Policy.


1. BASIS OF USE OF THE LULU HYPERMARKET SITE
1.1 The luluhypermarket.com site is provided to you free of charge for your personal use subject to these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. By using the luluhypermarket.com site you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy.

1.2 These Terms and Conditions govern your use of the luluhypermarket.com site in general, the products that you purchase in LuLu stores and on the luluhypermarket.com site and all services provided in connection with them.

By accessing, registering and/or continuing to use or access our services, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the Legal Documents with immediate effect. These Terms and Conditions and the Legal Documents are subject to change by us at any time. Your continued use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to these Terms and Conditions and Legal Documents as so modified.

2. REGISTRATION
For Customers:
2.1 To register on the luluhypermarket.com site you must be over eighteen years of age.

2.2 You must ensure that the details provided by you on registration or at any other time are correct and complete.

1. For Sellers:

2. You are a legal entity duly registered in your jurisdiction;

3. you have a valid trade license and will submit the same to Lulu;

4. you will provide proof of authorisation for the individual who will be registering and using the Site;

5. you will provide identification documents for person(s) whom you authorise to act on your behalf ;

6. you can provide supporting bank details; and

7. you acknowledge and agree that for certain product categories, additional requirements might be applicable.

8. In order to register to the Site, you will need to provide us with certain informations mentioned in this clause. Your registration to the Site may not be accepted if you do not provide us with the required information. We reserve the right to decline any registration without further explanation. We reserve the right to undertake such checks as are necessary to verify your identity.

9. Once you have successfully completed registration, your registration shall continue for an indefinite period, subject to suspension or termination in accordance with clause 6 of these Terms of Use.

3. PASSWORD AND SECURITY
3.1 When you register to use the luluhypermarket.com site you will be asked to create a password. You should keep this password confidential and not disclose it or share it with anyone. You will be responsible for all activities and orders that occur or are submitted under your password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password, you should notify us by contacting customer services immediately.

3.2 If luluhypermarket.com has reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the luluhypermarket.com site, we may require you to change your password or we may suspend your account in accordance with the provisions of this Terms and Conditions.

1. When using or accessing the services, you agree that you:

1. will provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and your use of the services as required by us;

2. will not disclose to any third party (except as required or requested by us) a user’s information provided to you; and

3. will cooperate with our requests for additional information with respect to your eligibility and usage of our services.

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
4.1 The content of the luluhypermarket.com site is protected by copyright, trademarks, database and other intellectual property rights. You may retrieve and display the content of the luluhypermarket.com site on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the luluhypermarket.com site without written permission from luluhypermarket.com.

4.2 No license is granted to you in these Terms and Conditions to use any trademark of LuLu stores and luluhypermarket.com, or its affiliated companies.

1. Except for the rights expressly granted under these Terms of Use; all rights, title and interest in and to any information, materials or other content that you provide in connection with your use of the services, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein, will become our property and obtain the right to use.

2. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms and Conditions are reserved and retained by us or our licensors.

5. LIMITATIONS
5.1 You may not use the luluhypermarket.com site for any of the purposes set out below (this includes any use by you of the Community sites - see paragraph 6 below for further information about the Community sites):

- Gaining unauthorized access to other computer systems

- Interfering with any other person's usage or experience of the luluhypermarket.com site

- Interfering or disrupting networks or websites connected to the luluhypermarket.com site

- Making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner

- Transmitting material containing any form of advertising or promotion for goods and services, junk mail, chain letters or “spam”

- Impersonating another person

- Referring to specific website addresses outside of the luluhypermarket.com site

- Advertising

5.2 luluhypermarket.com reserves the right to refuse to post material on the luluhypermarket.com site or to remove material already posted on the luluhypermarket.com site. You must not try to re-post material that luluhypermarket.com, has refused to post on the Lulu Hypermarket site or has previously been removed from the luluhypermarket.com site.

1. When using or accessing the services, you agree that you will not:

a. Post-list or upload in any manner any information which is blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever.

b. post, list or upload content or items in inappropriate or prohibited categories or areas on our Site, including:

1. content or items that may be considered culturally or religiously offensive in any way;

2. content or items which may not be considered to be in compliance with general local law, Islamic law, rules, morals, values, ethics and traditions;

3. content or items that may threaten national security;

4. content or items which may constitute or be considered to promote gambling;

5. securities, including shares, bonds, debentures, or any other financial instruments or assets of any description;

6. living or dead creatures and/or the whole or any part of any animal which has been kept or preserved by any means whether artificial or natural;

7. weapons of any description;

8. liquor, tobacco products, drugs, psychotropic substances, narcotics, intoxicants of any description and medicines;

9. items that to your knowledge are defective, fake, damaged, false or misleading or that may through normal use harm another Site user’s interest or health;

10. non-transferable vouchers; and

11. chemicals.

c. post items you do not have a right to link to or include;

d. post counterfeit or stolen items;

e. breach or circumvent any laws, third party rights or our systems, policies or determinations of your account status;

f. use our services if you no longer fulfil the eligibility criteria or are not able to form legally binding contracts, or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our services ;

g. fail to pay for items purchased by you, unless you have a valid reason as set out in any of our policies;

h. fail to deliver items sold by you (if applicable), unless you have a valid reason as set out in any of our policies;

i. use contact information provided to you during the course of a transaction on the Site to solicit additional sales offline or on another website;

j. manipulate the price of any item;

k. interfere with any other user’s listings;

l. take any action that may undermine the Site’s feedback and ratings systems;

m. post false, inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, defamatory or similar content;

n. transfer your account to another party without our prior written consent;

o. distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk electronic communications or similar;

p. distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm our Services or the interests or property of other users;

1. infringe:

-> the copyright, trademark, patent, publicity, moral, database, and/or other intellectual property rights (collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights") that belong to or are licensed to us; or

-> any Intellectual Property Rights that belong to third parties;

2. harvest or otherwise collect information about users without their consent; or

3. circumvent any technical measures we use to provide the services .

5.4 You will be responsible for all losses, costs and expenses reasonably incurred by us, all damages awarded against us by a court and all sums paid by us as a result of any settlement agreed by us arising out or in connection with:

-> Any claim by any third party that the use of the luluhypermarket.com site by you is defamatory, offensive or abusive, or of an obscene or pornographic nature, or is illegal or is in breach of any applicable law, regulation or code of practice; and

-> Any claim by any third party that the use of the luluhypermarket.com site by you infringes that third party's copyright or other intellectual property rights of whatever nature.

5.5 By submitting material you are granting luluhypermarket.com a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, translate, make available, distribute and sublicense the material in whole or in part and in any form.

6. WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS & UNDERTAKINGS FOR LULU MARKETPLACE
6.1 You warrant, represent and undertake that:

1. you shall fully comply and will at all times continue to fully comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations, including, without limitation, all privacy laws and content regulation;

2. you have full power and authority to enter these Terms and Conditions and the execution and performance of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions does not conflict with:

3. any laws, rules, regulations, or governmental guidelines to which you are subject to; or

4. any other agreements to which you are a party to or to which you are otherwise bound by;

5. if you create or use an account on behalf of a business entity, you represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of such business and bind the business to these Terms of Use. Such account is deemed to be owned and controlled by the business entity;

6. you own or have the authority to grant the rights and license s granted to us by you under these Terms of Use; and

7. any content you submit as part of your use of the services and any products that you list do not violate the rights of any third party anywhere in the world including, without limitation, any Intellectual Property Rights (whether registered or not).

8. Subject to this clause the services are provided to you on an “as is” basis without representations, warranties or conditions of any kind. We disclaim all warranties, conditions and representations of any kind, whether express, implied or collateral, including, but not limited to, all conditions, representations or warranties of merchantability, of fitness for a particular or general purpose, of non-infringement, of compatibility or that the services are secure or error free or will operate without interruption or will be provided in a timely or proper manner or at all.

9. Furthermore, whilst we attempt to be as accurate as possible, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of any Service is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. Additionally, as a buyer, you agree that we are not responsible for examining or warranting the listings or content provided by us or third parties through the services, and that you will not attempt to hold us liable for any inaccuracies or defects in any of the listings. As a seller, it is your responsibility to review the content of your listings for accuracy and you will not attempt to hold our catalogue/content providers or us responsible for inaccuracies.

7. LIABILITY & INDEMNITIES
1. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall limit or exclude a party’s liability:

2. for fraud, including fraudulent misrepresentation, perpetrated by that party;

3. for death or personal injury caused by the negligence of that party; or

4. for any other liability that cannot be limited or excluded under applicable law.

5. Subject to clause ‎1, in no event will we, our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates, and our, and their directors, officers, agents, employees, suppliers, subcontractors or licensors be liable, whether based on an action or claim in contract, tort, negligence, breach of statutory duty or otherwise arising out of or in relation to these Terms and Conditions for loss of profits, loss of data or information, business interruption or other pecuniary loss or for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, even if we, our affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees, licensors, subcontractors or suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

6. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we (including our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates and our, and their directors, officers, agents, employees, suppliers, subcontractors or licensors) are not liable, and you agree not to hold us responsible, for any damages or losses resulting directly or indirectly from:

7. the content or other information you provide when using the services ;

8. your use of or your inability to use our services ;

9. pricing, shipping, format or other guidance provided by us;

10. delays or disruptions in our services ;

11. viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing or linking to our services ;

12. bugs, errors or inaccuracies of any kind in our services ;

13. damage to your hardware device from the use of products sold on the Site or our services ;

14. the content, actions or inactions of third parties using our services ;

15. a suspension or other action taken by us with respect to your use of the services ;

16. the duration or manner in which your listings appear in search results; or

17. your need to modify practices, content or behaviour or your loss of or inability to do business as a result of changes to these Terms of Use.

18. Subject to clause ‎1, if clauses ‎2 or ‎3 are held to be unenforceable or inapplicable for any reason, then the total liability applicable to us, our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates and our, and their directors, officers, agents, employee, suppliers, subcontractors or licensors, to you, whether based on an action or claim in contract, negligence or breach of statutory duty or otherwise, arising out of or in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall be limited to the lower of:

19. the price the item sold for on our Site and its original shipping costs; and

20. the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees that you paid to us in the six (6) months prior to the action giving rise to the liability; or

21. AED 300.

22. You agree to indemnify and hold us, our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates and our, and their directors, officers, agents, employee, suppliers, subcontractors or licensors harmless from and against any losses, damages and expenses (including legal fees and attorney’s fees) (“Claims”) arising out of or relating to:

23. any claims or demands made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the services;

24. your violation of any of the provisions of these Terms of Use, including, without limitation, any of the warranties, representations and undertakings;

25. your violation of any applicable laws, including, without limitation, data protection or anti-spam laws; or

26. the manner in which you use our services , including, without limitation, that the content you post, the items you list or your trademarks infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party or that the content of your listings is slanderous, defamatory, obscene or violates any other rights (including privacy rights) of any third party (including other Site users).

8. SUSPENSION, TERMINATION & CANCELLATION
We may, at our sole discretion and without prejudice to any of our rights and remedies and without any liability to you, we may limit, suspend or permanently withdraw your access of our services , cancel any product(s) order and/or remove hosted content submitted by you for any reason including, without limitation, the following:
1. if we believe that you have infringed, breached, violated, abused, or unethically manipulated or exploited any term of these Terms of Use;

2. If you use our Platform or services for any unlawful and fraudulent purposes or in connection with a criminal offence or abuse our policy and rules;

3. You are suspected of inventory abuse or placing bulk order. The following shall (without limitation) constitute inventory abuse or placing bulk order:

a. Products ordered are not for self-consumption but for commercial resale;

b. Multiple orders placed for same product at the same address, depending on the product category;

c. Bulk quantity of the same product ordered;

d. Invalid address given in order details;

f. Any abuse or fraud used to place the order; or

g. Any order placed using a technological glitch/loophole.

We reserve our right to take appropriate action if you are suspected of acting fraudulently or if you file invalid and/or false claims or provides false, incomplete, or misleading information. You may be engaging in fraudulent activities if any of the following (without limitation) are met:
1. you don’t reply to the payment verification mail sent by us;

2. you fail to produce adequate documents during the payment details verification;

3. you misuse credentials not belonging to you;

4. you use invalid address, email and phone no;

5. you attempt to overuse a voucher code;

6. you return wrong or damaged product;

7. you refuse to pay for an order;

8. for COD items, you use fake currency notes to make the payment;

9. you abuse or harass the delivery staff;

10. miscellaneous activities conducted with the sole intention to cause loss to business/revenue to LuLu;

11. your return, undeliverable rate is very high and often the returned products are missing, fake or damaged; or

12. Repeated request for monetary compensation.

If your access to our services or our Platform is terminated for any reason, we may delete any content or other materials relating to your use of the Service (including any credits earned through loyalty programs or reward points) and we will have no liability to you or any third party for doing so. However, your transactions details may be preserved by us for purposes of tax or regulatory compliance.
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts paid and received by us in relation to a cancelled product(s) order will be refunded.
9. USE OF COMMUNITY SITES
9.1 The luluhypermarket.com site includes a number of community sites, which may allow users to interact with each other via message boards, and other user forums (the “Community sites”).

9.2 We advise you not to post or in any way reveal any of your personal details on the Community sites (for example, your address, telephone number or email).

9.3 The luluhypermarket.com site does not control or moderate the content placed on the Community sites. However, luluhypermarket.com reserves the right to refuse to post material, to remove material posted on the Community sites and to contact you in the event that there are concerns about the content you have added to a community site. The site may review or edit the content of the Community sites.

9.4 luluhypermarket.com makes no representations as to the validity of any opinion, advice, information or statement displayed on the message boards by third parties. You are solely responsible for the content of your messages posted on the message boards and the views expressed by individuals do not represent the views of luluhypermarket.com.

10.THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
As a convenience to luluhypermarket.com customers, the luluhypermarket.com site may include links to other websites or material. luluhypermarket.com is not responsible for any of these websites or material, which is beyond its control.

11 ADVERTISING AND SPONSORSHIP
Some areas within the luluhypermarket.com site may contain advertising and sponsorship. Third party advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the luluhypermarket.com site complies with relevant laws and codes. We will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising and sponsorship material provided by third parties.

12. AVAILABILITY OF THE LULU HYPERMARKET SITE
12.1 luluhypermarket.com aims to offer a fault-free service. However, if a fault occurs in the service you should report it to the customer services mentioned herein or by email at customercare@luluhypermarket.com and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we reasonably can.

12.2 luluhypermarket.com site may occasionally restrict access to the site to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services

12.3 Some purchases made on the luluhypermarket.com site will also be governed by specific product terms – If you are unsure about anything related to purchasing of any product, please contact customer services for further assistance.

13. DESCRIPTIONS AND PRICES OF PRODUCTS
13.1 We have taken care to describe and show products as accurately as possible. Despite this, products may vary from their descriptions, product images are for representation purposes only and may vary slightly from the actual product. If there is anything that you do not understand, or if you wish to obtain further information, please contact customer services Descriptions/performances of products stated against each are based on the catalogue and technical literature printed by the manufacturers/agent. Therefore, the write up provided against each product is not that of luluhypermarket.com and subject to change without prior notice.

13.2 Price may sometimes differ between LuLu Stores and luluhypermarket.com; you will be charged the price on the luluhypermarket.com upon use of this site. We are under no obligation to honour any in-store price or promotion in the event that it differs from those on the luluhypermarket.com site.

13.3 If, by mistake, we have under-priced a product, we will not be liable to supply that product to you at the stated price, provided that we notify you before we dispatch the product to you. In those circumstances, we will notify the correct price to you so you can decide whether or not you wish to order the product at that price. If you decide not to order the product, we will give you a full refund on any amount already paid for that product in accordance with our refund policy.

13.4 The payment may be processed prior to luluhypermarket.com dispatch of the product that you have ordered. If we have to cancel the order after we have processed the payment, the said amount will be reversed back to your credit card account. No cash disbursement shall be made under any condition whatsoever.

13.5 The price of a product does not include the delivery charge, which will depend on the delivery method you choose and will be added during checkout.

14. AVAILABILITY
14.1 All products advertised are subject to availability or while stocks last (as may be applicable).

14.2 We try to ensure that we always stock the full product range and will let you know if the product is out of stock. If for any reason beyond our reasonable control we are unable to supply a particular product, we will not be liable to you except to ensure that you are not charged for that product.

14.3 In the interests of all our customers, we may place restrictions on bulk buying of some products. luluhypermarket.com reserves the right at our sole discretion, to limit the quantity per person, per household or per order. The said limitations may be applicable to orders placed by the same account, the same credit card and also to orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. luluhypermarket.com will provide notification to the customer should such limits be applied.

ACCEPTANCE OF ORDERS
15.1 Your order is an offer to buy from us. We will send you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered.

15.2 Nothing that we do or say will amount to any acceptance of your offer until we send you an email notifying you of the order acknowledgment. At this point, a contract will be made between us for you to buy and for us to sell the products that you have ordered from us.

15.3 After the time the contract is made, you cannot amend your order.

15.4 At any point up until the contract is made, we may decline to supply a product to you. If we decline to supply a product to you and you have already paid for it, we will give you a full refund of any amount already paid for that product in accordance with our refund policy.

16. DELIVERIES
16.1 Delivery will be made to the address specified when you complete the order. At point of delivery, identity verification of the Consignee by sighting either an original labour card, passport, driving license, Emirates ID, or Free zone ID to support consignee verification, will be required by our courier partners.

16.2 Please note that we do not do international shipping.

16.3 We use a variety of delivery methods, depending on the size of the product you order. Some products are delivered directly by our supplier and the supplier will contact you to arrange delivery.

16.4 Whilst we make considerable effort to deliver all your products within 48 working hours of the date of your order, we shall not be liable if we fail to do so in part or in full due to circumstances beyond our control. We shall contact you to let you know if we are having any problems getting a product to you within that time. Supplier delivered products for areas outside of main city limits that are classed as remote or semi remote may take up to 5 working days dependant on supplier schedules. (Contact Customer Support if further information is required)

16.5 Before ordering online you should check the following:

- The item will fit through the doors.

- The item will fit the exact space allocated in your house.

- There is a clear path between the road and your front door.

- If you live in an apartment, the lift is adequate to take delivery in size and weight.

- If there are any access difficulties, please inform us in advance, on the day you should ensure that:

- There is a clear path to your house.

- Your floors are covered to prevent scuffing.

- Any delicate objects are put in a safe place.

17. CANCELLING YOUR ORDER IF YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND
17.1 If you the customer cancel the order, luluhypermarket.com shall cancel the order as per your request. However, the online transaction charges will not be refunded. The cost of delivering and re-picking charges will apply if the product has been shipped. luluhypermarket.com will not be able to cancel orders that have already been shipped. luluhypermarket.com has the full right to demonstrate whether an order has been shipped or not. The customer agrees not to dispute the decision made by luluhypermarket.com and accept luluhypermarket.com decision regarding the cancellation.

17.2 For details of how to cancel your order please visit our returns and refunds page or contact customer support on 600540048.